absolutely not!
What does uncle mean by this?
His Majesty Li Feng is Lishang's cousin
He's in charge.
I'm afraid it's hard to convince
Your Majesty, in that case
You really have to avoid danger
How about this?
Let me try him
I haven't tried the case yet. It should be fun, right?
Your Majesty, absolutely not
Your Majesty is the body of Halloween
How can I be respected
Trial a criminal
Hey, the prime minister doesn't need to say much
Three days later, I personally refreshed myself
It just so happens that I haven't been to the Criminal Department yet
There are a lot of interesting punishments I haven't seen yet
Ha ha.
Lu Feng
I recently invented a few new gadgets
This is called cannon branding.
Tie people to bronze pillars
Burn the copper pillar with charcoal fire
People will be roasted
This is called a firewood basin.
Stripping people naked
Push into the basin and let 10,000 bites
That's pretty awful.
subcutaneous mercy
There is another way to die
Snacks
Cut your flesh piece by piece
I will cut you a total of 3,600 knives
But you won't die
Until the last drop of your blood is drained
You will die
Your Majesty forgive me
Bold headwind
Greedy Mo Town disaster food and grass have not been recruited from the truth
Chen Zhao Chen Zhao
I want to build Yaotai
Lack of money Lots and lots of money
I heard that the people on it are rich
You know sinners understand
Li Feng, I don't worry about your work.
You helped me.
I will not forget you, Your Majesty